# October 2026 Learning Journey - Andrew Estes
## Vision Statement
I would like to build an "enterprise-grade" password manager that can run on any platform. The purpose of this tool will be to allow an enterprise to have a first-party password-manangment solution that centralizes company credentials, and allows convenient gonvernance and security enforcement.
I want two versions of the password manager (both will have the same or similar front ends).
  1. The first version will be written from scratch, from the ground up, writing a custom credential/secrets/password vault. This approach leans more into the cryptography and lower-level security aspects of a password manager; however, if an enterprise were to use this as an internal, first-party password manager, it would likely be risky/a lot to maintain and likely not worth the costs/risks associated over using a third party solution. Which brings us the second version of the password manager. The purpose of this first version is primarily for learning and will have the ability to be self-hosted, run locally, or in the cloud.
  2. The second version will have the same front-end as the first and a nearly identical user experience; however, under the hood, this version of the app will be more of a wrapper or orchestration layer on top of a third party security solution like AWS Secrets Manager, Azure Key Vault or 1Password's Business API, etc. This approach is much more maintainable, affordable, and secure for most enterprises while still allowing governance, configuration, and enforcement of security standards that the enterprise has full control over.
